Homework 3 Files:

Assignment:

CSc 3320: Systems Programming 
Spring 2021 
Homework 
# 3: Total points 100 
Submission instructions: 
1. Create a Google doc for each homework assignment submission. 2. Start your responses from page 2 of the document and copy these instructions on page 1. 
3. Fill in your name, campus ID and panther # in the fields provided. If this information is missing in your document TWO POINTS WILL BE DEDUCTED per submission. 
4. Keep this page 1 intact on all your submissions. If this submissions instructions page is missing in your submission TWO POINTS WILL BE DEDUCTED per submission. 
5. Each homework will typically have 2-3 PARTS, where each PART focuses on specific topic(s). 
6. Start your responses to each PART on a new page. 
7. If you are being asked to write code copy the code into a separate txt file and submit that as well. 
8. If you are being asked to test code or run specific commands or scripts, provide the evidence of your outputs through a screenshot and copy the same into the document. 
9. Upon completion, download a .PDF version of the document and submit the same. 
Full Name: 
Campus ID: 
Panther #:
10 pts for the neatness factor of your presentation. 
PART 1: 30pts 
1. For each command tryout at least one example provided in Chapter 3 of the Unix textbook. Feel free to use your own example. Show the screenshot for each command’s output. Present your output in a tabular form with column 1 as index (1,2,3..), second column as the command, third as the usage, fourth as the screenshot of the output. You can just show a small snapshot for the output -- we do not need the entire screen’s image. 
Part II : 30pts 
2. For each command tryout at least one example provided in Chapter 4 of the Unix textbook. Feel free to use your own example. Show the screenshot for each command’s output. Present your output in a tabular form with column 1 as index (1,2,3..), second column as the command, third as the usage, fourth as the screenshot of the output. You can just show a small snapshot for the output -- we do not need the entire screen’s image. 
Part III : 30pts 
3. For each command tryout at least one example provided in Chapter 5 of the Unix textbook. Feel free to use your own example. Show the screenshot for each command’s output. Present your output in a tabular form with column 1 as index (1,2,3..), second column as the command, third as the usage, fourth as the screenshot of the output. You can just show a small snapshot for the output -- we do not need the entire screen’s image.
